README.md, before:

# Music Rating Application

## CPSC 210 Project - Robbie Laughlen

### What does this application do?

<p>This application is able to allow users to *track and rate* their favourite albums and EPs.
Additionally, it allows the user to create a list of albums to be listened to in the future.</p>
The database of albums will be able to be sorted by multiple different features, such as the rating given.



### Who will use this application?

Anyone interested in keeping track of the music they listen to.
Anyone looking to rate their music and keep a **sorted** database of their music.



### Why does this project interest me?
<p> I've always enjoyed keeping track of what I watch/listen to/play.
In particular, I am quite passionate about music and love to explore various albums.</p>
The ability to rate and sort albums would provide a way for me (and others!) to 
document what music they've been keeping up with recently.



### User Stories

*A few examples to show how someone can use this application to produce a specific outcome.*

- As a user, I want to be able to add an album to the list of albums I've listened to
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of albums I've listened to
- As a user, I want to be able to mark whether I've listened to an album or not
- As a user, I want to be able to remove an album from my list
- As a user, I want to be able to see the total number of albums I've listened to
- As a user, I want to be able to rate my albums on a scale of 10
- As a user, I want to be able to sort my albums by rating and other details

Commit message:

Phase 2 added user stories Adjusted phase 1 user stories to indicate which have been completed

README.md, after:

# Music Rating Application

## CPSC 210 Project - Robbie Laughlen

### What does this application do?

<p>This application is able to allow users to *track and rate* their favourite albums and EPs.
Additionally, it allows the user to create a list of albums to be listened to in the future.</p>
The database of albums will be able to be sorted by multiple different features, such as the rating given.



### Who will use this application?

Anyone interested in keeping track of the music they listen to.
Anyone looking to rate their music and keep a **sorted** database of their music.



### Why does this project interest me?
<p> I've always enjoyed keeping track of what I watch/listen to/play.
In particular, I am quite passionate about music and love to explore various albums.</p>
The ability to rate and sort albums would provide a way for me (and others!) to 
document what music they've been keeping up with recently.



### User Stories

*A few examples to show how someone can use this application to produce a specific outcome.*

PHASE 1

- As a user, I want to be able to add an album to the list of albums I've listened to ✅
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of albums I've listened to ✅
- As a user, I want to be able to mark whether I've listened to an album or not
- As a user, I want to be able to remove an album from my list ✅
- As a user, I want to be able to see the total number of albums I've listened to
- As a user, I want to be able to rate my albums on a scale of 10 ✅
- As a user, I want to be able to sort my albums by rating and other details ✅

PHASE 2

- As a user, I want to be able to save my tracked albums list to file (if I so choose)
- As a user, when I select the quit option from the application menu, I want to be reminded to save my tracked albums list to file and have the option to do so or not.
- As a user, when I start the application, I want to be given the option to load my tracked albums list from file.
